So we were standing on a bridge, 
I think it was the one on the west side near the Safeway 
where the pond is, 
and we were kind of in the middle you know where the arch is, 
just watching the water and you know, 
the seagulls, 
and he walks right past us without saying anything 
and to the other side of the bridge! 
I mean, to not even notice what's right in front of you? 

Also, don't you think that he was gaslighting us about 
his girlfriend going to sleep at 8pm? 
But like clearly, that one time we went camping together – 
remember that time we went camping 
and I didn't have my tent ready because it was still at that cleaning company, 
the sketchy one that Maryam recommended to me, 
that was the same time where Jonas left his cast iron pot 
behind at the campsite on the first day 
and he said he was gonna have to fill his backpack 
up with rocks 
or else he wouldn't be properly training at altitude? 
And Christina was like hiding all the rocks in the area 
because she wanted him to carry all her stuff instead 
but Loren was just laughing at her 
for, like, how can you go camping 
and not even bring your own stuff,
do you have any shame? 

Oh, do you know Christina? 
She was the one who said that Demetri 
would never be able to grow a sunflower 
and threw the whole thing in his face? 
And Demetri was like, 
"well that's rich coming from someone who owns a pickup truck 
and brings it around to every potluck!" 
Demetri can never shut up about the pickup truck. 
And Jorge just bursts into laughter because 
Sally is standing next to the flower bucket 
while this whole thing is happening 
and she's almost, like, covering up the signs – 
well, she's like aligned with them, 
and one of them is kind of like her hand, 
kind of like an optical illusion, 
and it's like her hand is the flower stem, 
if that makes sense? 
Um, and Sally's just not at all aware of this, so she can't, she isn't moving – 
which is just like how last time she and Patricia, 
at the farmer's market, 
they were just standing around when 
Annaleigh was looking everywhere trying to find them, 
and they were calling me and calling me, 
and I was so busy because I was pulling major overtime so I couldn't answer! 

The worst part was that like, 
my boss thought it would be okay to ask me 
to prepare to Grisnam report before we – 
well, he, rather – 
has to go to Final 12 Conference next week, 
and then immediately goes on vacation so that I couldn't ask him 
any questions about the stranger deductibles account, 
and what's worse than that actually is that my mentor and my mentor's mentor 
both thought that this report was something that the other department downstream 
would have to investigate, 
so Gabby is the only one I can ask, 
so I know that she's just going to fucking annoy me and like, 
"oh, so just double-checking, you want the 12-09 spreadsheet log", 
like what did I ask you for, 
it's just so crazy that she's always undermining me, 
and maybe you're thinking that this is an exaggeration, 
but that's before you start factoring in all the stuff she said to me 
last summer after Dustin left, which, I'm not sure if that was like a power thing? 

Oh my god, I just remembered, and another thing that's so crazy is that, 
he, like, doesn't enjoy olives at all. 
Like, who is that?
